============================= test session starts ==============================
platform darwin -- Python 3.13.7, pytest-8.4.2, pluggy-1.6.0 -- /opt/homebrew/opt/python@3.13/bin/python3.13
cachedir: .pytest_cache
benchmark: 5.1.0 (defaults: timer=time.perf_counter disable_gc=False min_rounds=5 min_time=0.000005 max_time=1.0 calibration_precision=10 warmup=False warmup_iterations=100000)
rootdir: /Users/b80985/.claude/agents/nonequilibrium-physics-agents
configfile: pytest.ini
testpaths: tests
plugins: xdist-3.8.0, timeout-2.4.0, anyio-4.10.0, benchmark-5.1.0, cov-7.0.0
created: 8/8 workers
8 workers [1013 items]

scheduling tests via LoadScheduling

tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestLocalScheduler::test_local_job_dependencies 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_purity_computation 
[gw2] [  0%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_purity_computation 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_observables_returned_correctly 
[gw2] [  0%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_observables_returned_correctly 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestGridSearchEdgeCases::test_grid_search_zero_points 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestParetoFront::test_add_solution 
[gw0] [  0%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestParetoFront::test_add_solution 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestParetoFront::test_filter_dominated 
[gw0] [  0%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestParetoFront::test_filter_dominated 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestParetoFront::test_hypervolume_2d 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMetaLearningConfig::test_default_config 
[gw7] [  0%] PASSED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMetaLearningConfig::test_default_config 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMetaLearningConfig::test_custom_config 
[gw7] [  0%] PASSED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMetaLearningConfig::test_custom_config 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMultiTaskLearning::test_register_task 
[gw7] [  0%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMultiTaskLearning::test_register_task 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMultiTaskLearning::test_create_hard_sharing_model 
[gw7] [  0%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMultiTaskLearning::test_create_hard_sharing_model 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMultiTaskLearning::test_create_soft_sharing_model 
[gw7] [  0%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMultiTaskLearning::test_create_soft_sharing_model 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMultiTaskLearning::test_hard_sharing_forward_pass 
[gw7] [  0%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMultiTaskLearning::test_hard_sharing_forward_pass 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMultiTaskLearning::test_task_similarity 
[gw7] [  1%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMultiTaskLearning::test_task_similarity 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMultiTaskLearning::test_cluster_tasks 
[gw7] [  1%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMultiTaskLearning::test_cluster_tasks 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMultiTaskLearning::test_negative_transfer_detection 
[gw7] [  1%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMultiTaskLearning::test_negative_transfer_detection 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestEnhancedMAML::test_create_model 
[gw7] [  1%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestEnhancedMAML::test_create_model 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestEnhancedMAML::test_inner_loop 
[gw7] [  1%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestEnhancedMAML::test_inner_loop 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestEnhancedMAML::test_outer_loop_loss 
[gw7] [  1%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestEnhancedMAML::test_outer_loop_loss 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestEnhancedMAML::test_meta_overfitting_detection 
[gw7] [  1%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestEnhancedMAML::test_meta_overfitting_detection 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestReptile::test_create_model 
[gw4] [  1%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestGridSearchEdgeCases::test_grid_search_zero_points 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestGridSearchEdgeCases::test_grid_search_high_dimension 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_observables_optional 
[gw2] [  1%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_observables_optional 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_backend_reporting 
[gw2] [  1%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_backend_reporting 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_comprehensive_benchmark 
[gw2] [  2%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_comprehensive_benchmark 
tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestConfiguration::test_dask_availability 
[gw2] [  2%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestConfiguration::test_dask_availability 
tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestConfiguration::test_dask_jobqueue_availability 
[gw2] [  2%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestConfiguration::test_dask_jobqueue_availability 
tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestDaskCluster::test_local_cluster_creation 
[gw2] [  2%] SKIPPED tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestDaskCluster::test_local_cluster_creation 
tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestDaskCluster::test_cluster_submit_gather 
[gw2] [  2%] SKIPPED tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestDaskCluster::test_cluster_submit_gather 
tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestDaskCluster::test_cluster_map 
[gw2] [  2%] SKIPPED tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestDaskCluster::test_cluster_map 
tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestDaskCluster::test_cluster_scatter 
[gw2] [  2%] SKIPPED tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestDaskCluster::test_cluster_scatter 
tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestParallelExecution::test_distribute_computation 
[gw2] [  2%] SKIPPED tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestParallelExecution::test_distribute_computation 
tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestParallelExecution::test_fault_tolerant_map 
[gw2] [  2%] SKIPPED tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestParallelExecution::test_fault_tolerant_map 
tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestParallelExecution::test_distributed_optimization 
[gw2] [  2%] SKIPPED tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestParallelExecution::test_distributed_optimization 
tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestParallelExecution::test_scatter_gather_reduction 
[gw2] [  3%] SKIPPED tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestParallelExecution::test_scatter_gather_reduction 
tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestPipeline::test_simple_pipeline 
[gw2] [  3%] SKIPPED tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestPipeline::test_simple_pipeline 
tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestPipeline::test_pipeline_with_persistence 
[gw2] [  3%] SKIPPED tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestPipeline::test_pipeline_with_persistence 
tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestParameterSpec::test_10_integer_param 
[gw3] [  3%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestParameterSpec::test_10_integer_param 
tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestParameterSpec::test_11_categorical_param 
[gw3] [  3%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestParameterSpec::test_11_categorical_param 
tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestGridSearch::test_12_simple_grid_search 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestQuadrotor::test_dynamics 
[gw1] [  3%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestQuadrotor::test_dynamics 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestQuadrotor::test_reference_trajectory 
[gw1] [  3%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestQuadrotor::test_reference_trajectory 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestRobotArm::test_forward_kinematics 
[gw1] [  3%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestRobotArm::test_forward_kinematics 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestRobotArm::test_dynamics 
[gw1] [  3%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestRobotArm::test_dynamics 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestRobotArm::test_cost 
[gw1] [  3%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestRobotArm::test_cost 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestEnergySystem::test_dynamics 
[gw1] [  4%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestEnergySystem::test_dynamics 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestEnergySystem::test_cost 
[gw1] [  4%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestEnergySystem::test_cost 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestPortfolio::test_initialization 
[gw1] [  4%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestPortfolio::test_initialization 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestPortfolio::test_dynamics 
[gw1] [  4%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestPortfolio::test_dynamics 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestChemicalReactor::test_reaction_rate 
[gw1] [  4%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestChemicalReactor::test_reaction_rate 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestChemicalReactor::test_dynamics 
[gw1] [  4%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestChemicalReactor::test_dynamics 
tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestIntegration::test_complete_optimization_workflow 
[gw7] [  4%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestReptile::test_create_model 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestReptile::test_adapt_to_task 
[gw7] [  4%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestReptile::test_adapt_to_task 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestReptile::test_meta_train_step 
[gw7] [  4%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestReptile::test_meta_train_step 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestANIL::test_create_model 
[gw7] [  4%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestANIL::test_create_model 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestANIL::test_inner_loop_head_only 
[gw7] [  5%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestANIL::test_inner_loop_head_only 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestTaskEmbedding::test_register_tasks 
[gw7] [  5%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestTaskEmbedding::test_register_tasks 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestTaskEmbedding::test_initialize_embeddings 
[gw7] [  5%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestTaskEmbedding::test_initialize_embeddings 
[gw3] [  5%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestGridSearch::test_12_simple_grid_search 
tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestRandomSearch::test_13_simple_random_search 
[gw0] [  5%] FAILED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestParetoFront::test_hypervolume_2d 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestWeightedSumMethod::test_scalarize 
[gw0] [  5%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestWeightedSumMethod::test_scalarize 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestWeightedSumMethod::test_optimize_single 
[gw0] [  5%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestWeightedSumMethod::test_optimize_single 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestWeightedSumMethod::test_compute_pareto_front 
[gw0] [  5%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestWeightedSumMethod::test_compute_pareto_front 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestNSGA2::test_initialize_population 
[gw0] [  5%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestNSGA2::test_initialize_population 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestNSGA2::test_non_dominated_sort 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestTaskEmbedding::test_get_embedding 
[gw7] [  5%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestTaskEmbedding::test_get_embedding 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestTaskEmbedding::test_update_embedding 
[gw7] [  6%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestTaskEmbedding::test_update_embedding 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestTaskEmbedding::test_task_similarity_from_embeddings 
[gw7] [  6%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestTaskEmbedding::test_task_similarity_from_embeddings 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestTaskConditionalMetaLearning::test_create_model 
[gw7] [  6%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestTaskConditionalMetaLearning::test_create_model 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestTaskConditionalMetaLearning::test_task_specific_initialization 
[gw3] [  6%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestRandomSearch::test_13_simple_random_search 
tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestCrossValidation::test_distributed_cross_validation 
[gw2] [  6%] SKIPPED tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestCrossValidation::test_distributed_cross_validation 
tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestCheckpointing::test_checkpoint_computation 
[gw2] [  6%] SKIPPED tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestCheckpointing::test_checkpoint_computation 
tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestIntegration::test_complete_distributed_workflow 
[gw2] [  6%] SKIPPED tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestIntegration::test_complete_distributed_workflow 
tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestWithoutDask::test_fallback_behavior 
[gw2] [  6%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestWithoutDask::test_fallback_behavior 
tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestPerformance::test_scaling_with_workers 
[gw2] [  6%] SKIPPED tests/hpc/test_distributed.py::TestPerformance::test_scaling_with_workers 
tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestSLURMConfig::test_1_creation 
[gw2] [  6%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestSLURMConfig::test_1_creation 
tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestSLURMConfig::test_2_sbatch_header 
[gw2] [  7%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestSLURMConfig::test_2_sbatch_header 
tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestSLURMConfig::test_3_gpu_config 
[gw2] [  7%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestSLURMConfig::test_3_gpu_config 
tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestSLURMConfig::test_4_slurm_availability 
[gw4] [  7%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestGridSearchEdgeCases::test_grid_search_high_dimension 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestRandomSearchEdgeCases::test_random_search_zero_samples 
tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestParallelOptimizer::test_14_optimizer_interface 
[gw3] [  7%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestParallelOptimizer::test_14_optimizer_interface 
tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestUtilities::test_15_create_parameter_grid 
[gw3] [  7%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestUtilities::test_15_create_parameter_grid 
tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestUtilities::test_16_analyze_results 
[gw3] [  7%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestUtilities::test_16_analyze_results 
tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestIntegration::test_17_optimal_control_sweep 
[gw3] [  7%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestIntegration::test_17_optimal_control_sweep 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestResourceRequirementsEdgeCases::test_zero_resources 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestChemicalReactor::test_cost 
[gw1] [  7%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestChemicalReactor::test_cost 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestIntegration::test_multi_objective_with_case_study 
[gw1] [  7%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestIntegration::test_multi_objective_with_case_study 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestIntegration::test_robust_mpc_with_case_study 
[gw7] [  7%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestTaskConditionalMetaLearning::test_task_specific_initialization 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestAdaptiveInnerSteps::test_compute_adaptive_steps 
[gw7] [  7%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestAdaptiveInnerSteps::test_compute_adaptive_steps 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestAdaptiveInnerSteps::test_early_stopping_plateau 
[gw7] [  8%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestAdaptiveInnerSteps::test_early_stopping_plateau 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestIntegration::test_multitask_complete_workflow 
[gw7] [  8%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestIntegration::test_multitask_complete_workflow 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestIntegration::test_metalearning_complete_workflow 
[gw7] [  8%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestIntegration::test_metalearning_complete_workflow 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestTimer::test_timer_context_manager 
[gw3] [  8%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestResourceRequirementsEdgeCases::test_zero_resources 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestResourceRequirementsEdgeCases::test_negative_resources 
[gw7] [  8%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestTimer::test_timer_context_manager 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestTimer::test_timer_multiple_uses 
[gw2] [  8%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestSLURMConfig::test_4_slurm_availability 
tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestDask::test_5_local_cluster 
[gw4] [  8%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestRandomSearchEdgeCases::test_random_search_zero_samples 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestRandomSearchEdgeCases::test_random_search_reproducibility 
[gw0] [  8%] FAILED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestNSGA2::test_non_dominated_sort 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestNSGA2::test_optimize 
[gw6] [  8%] PASSED tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestIntegration::test_complete_optimization_workflow 
[gw7] [  8%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestTimer::test_timer_multiple_uses 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestFunctionProfiler::test_profile_simple_function 
[gw4] [  9%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestRandomSearchEdgeCases::test_random_search_reproducibility 
[gw7] [  9%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestFunctionProfiler::test_profile_simple_function 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestFunctionProfiler::test_profile_with_memory 
[gw2] [  9%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestDask::test_5_local_cluster 
tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestDask::test_6_parallel_map 
[gw7] [  9%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestFunctionProfiler::test_profile_with_memory 
tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestReplayBuffer::test_1_creation 
[gw3] [  9%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestResourceRequirementsEdgeCases::test_negative_resources 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestFunctionProfiler::test_profile_multiple_calls 
[gw6] [  9%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestReplayBuffer::test_1_creation 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestResourceRequirementsEdgeCases::test_very_large_resources 
tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestReplayBuffer::test_2_add_transitions 
[gw7] [  9%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestFunctionProfiler::test_profile_multiple_calls 
[gw3] [  9%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestResourceRequirementsEdgeCases::test_very_large_resources 
[gw6] [  9%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestReplayBuffer::test_2_add_transitions 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestBenchmarker::test_benchmark_simple_function 
tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestReplayBuffer::test_3_circular_buffer 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestResourceRequirementsEdgeCases::test_invalid_time_limit 
[gw6] [  9%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestReplayBuffer::test_3_circular_buffer 
tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestReplayBuffer::test_4_sample_batch 
[gw3] [ 10%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestResourceRequirementsEdgeCases::test_invalid_time_limit 
[gw6] [ 10%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestReplayBuffer::test_4_sample_batch 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestResourceRequirementsEdgeCases::test_fractional_resources 
tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestNetworkArchitectures::test_5_deterministic_policy 
[gw6] [ 10%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestNetworkArchitectures::test_5_deterministic_policy 
tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestNetworkArchitectures::test_6_q_network 
[gw7] [ 10%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestBenchmarker::test_benchmark_simple_function 
[gw6] [ 10%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestNetworkArchitectures::test_6_q_network 
tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestNetworkArchitectures::test_7_double_q_network 
[gw6] [ 10%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestNetworkArchitectures::test_7_double_q_network 
tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestNetworkArchitectures::test_8_gaussian_policy 
[gw6] [ 10%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestNetworkArchitectures::test_8_gaussian_policy 
tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestNetworkArchitectures::test_9_gaussian_policy_sample 
[gw6] [ 10%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestNetworkArchitectures::test_9_gaussian_policy_sample 
tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestDDPG::test_10_creation 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestBenchmarker::test_benchmark_with_memory 
[gw6] [ 10%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestDDPG::test_10_creation 
tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestDDPG::test_11_select_action 
[gw6] [ 10%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestDDPG::test_11_select_action 
tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestDDPG::test_12_train_step 
[gw6] [ 11%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestDDPG::test_12_train_step 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestAdaptiveSweepEdgeCases::test_adaptive_sweep_no_initial_samples 
[gw7] [ 11%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestBenchmarker::test_benchmark_with_memory 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestBenchmarker::test_compare_implementations 
[gw0] [ 11%] FAILED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestNSGA2::test_optimize 
[gw7] [ 11%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestBenchmarker::test_compare_implementations 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestUncertaintySet::test_box_uncertainty 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestBenchmarker::test_detect_regression 
[gw0] [ 11%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestUncertaintySet::test_box_uncertainty 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestUncertaintySet::test_ellipsoidal_uncertainty 
[gw7] [ 11%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestBenchmarker::test_detect_regression 
[gw0] [ 11%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestUncertaintySet::test_ellipsoidal_uncertainty 
[gw3] [ 11%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestResourceRequirementsEdgeCases::test_fractional_resources 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestUncertaintySet::test_sample_box 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestCacheOptimizer::test_memoize_decorator 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestLocalSchedulerEdgeCases::test_submit_nonexistent_script 
[gw0] [ 11%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestUncertaintySet::test_sample_box 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestUncertaintySet::test_get_vertices_box 
[gw0] [ 11%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestUncertaintySet::test_get_vertices_box 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestMinMaxOptimizer::test_evaluate_worst_case 
tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestTD3::test_13_creation 
[gw6] [ 12%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestTD3::test_13_creation 
tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestTD3::test_14_train_step 
[gw6] [ 12%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestTD3::test_14_train_step 
tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestSAC::test_15_creation 
[gw0] [ 12%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestMinMaxOptimizer::test_evaluate_worst_case 
[gw6] [ 12%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestSAC::test_15_creation 
tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestSAC::test_16_select_action_stochastic 
[gw6] [ 12%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestSAC::test_16_select_action_stochastic 
tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestSAC::test_17_select_action_deterministic 
[gw6] [ 12%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestSAC::test_17_select_action_deterministic 
tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestSAC::test_18_train_step 
[gw6] [ 12%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestSAC::test_18_train_step 
tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestIntegration::test_19_simple_control_task 
[gw6] [ 12%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_advanced_rl.py::TestIntegration::test_19_simple_control_task 
tests/ml/test_ml_networks.py::TestPolicyNetwork::test_1_creation 
[gw6] [ 12%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_ml_networks.py::TestPolicyNetwork::test_1_creation 
tests/ml/test_ml_networks.py::TestPolicyNetwork::test_2_forward_pass 
[gw6] [ 12%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_ml_networks.py::TestPolicyNetwork::test_2_forward_pass 
tests/ml/test_ml_networks.py::TestPolicyNetwork::test_3_output_bounds 
[gw6] [ 13%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_ml_networks.py::TestPolicyNetwork::test_3_output_bounds 
tests/ml/test_ml_networks.py::TestValueNetwork::test_4_creation 
[gw6] [ 13%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_ml_networks.py::TestValueNetwork::test_4_creation 
tests/ml/test_ml_networks.py::TestValueNetwork::test_5_forward_pass 
[gw6] [ 13%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_ml_networks.py::TestValueNetwork::test_5_forward_pass 
tests/ml/test_ml_networks.py::TestActorCriticNetwork::test_6_creation 
[gw6] [ 13%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_ml_networks.py::TestActorCriticNetwork::test_6_creation 
tests/ml/test_ml_networks.py::TestActorCriticNetwork::test_7_forward_pass 
[gw6] [ 13%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_ml_networks.py::TestActorCriticNetwork::test_7_forward_pass 
tests/ml/test_ml_networks.py::TestPINNNetwork::test_8_creation 
[gw6] [ 13%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_ml_networks.py::TestPINNNetwork::test_8_creation 
tests/ml/test_ml_networks.py::TestPINNNetwork::test_9_forward_pass 
[gw6] [ 13%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_ml_networks.py::TestPINNNetwork::test_9_forward_pass 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMultiTaskConfig::test_default_config 
[gw6] [ 13%] PASSED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMultiTaskConfig::test_default_config 
[gw4] [ 13%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestAdaptiveSweepEdgeCases::test_adaptive_sweep_no_initial_samples 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestAdaptiveSweepEdgeCases::test_adaptive_sweep_before_adaptation 
[gw3] [ 13%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestLocalSchedulerEdgeCases::test_submit_nonexistent_script 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestLocalSchedulerEdgeCases::test_submit_unreadable_script 
tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMultiTaskConfig::test_custom_config 
[gw6] [ 14%] PASSED tests/ml/test_multitask_metalearning.py::TestMultiTaskConfig::test_custom_config 
tests/performance/test_gpu_performance.py::TestGPUMemoryEfficiency::test_cpu_memory_efficiency 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestMinMaxOptimizer::test_optimize 
[gw1] [ 14%] FAILED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestIntegration::test_robust_mpc_with_case_study 
[gw7] [ 14%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestCacheOptimizer::test_memoize_decorator 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestCacheOptimizer::test_cache_info 
[gw7] [ 14%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestCacheOptimizer::test_cache_info 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestCacheOptimizer::test_cache_eviction 
[gw7] [ 14%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestCacheOptimizer::test_cache_eviction 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestVectorizationOptimizer::test_vectorize_loop 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestIntegration::test_stochastic_control_with_uncertainty 
[gw7] [ 14%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestVectorizationOptimizer::test_vectorize_loop 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestVectorizationOptimizer::test_replace_loops_with_operations 
[gw7] [ 14%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestVectorizationOptimizer::test_replace_loops_with_operations 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestMemoryProfiler::test_take_snapshot 
[gw0] [ 14%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestMinMaxOptimizer::test_optimize 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestTubeBasedMPC::test_initialization 
[gw3] [ 14%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestLocalSchedulerEdgeCases::test_submit_unreadable_script 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestLocalSchedulerEdgeCases::test_query_nonexistent_job 
[gw6] [ 14%] FAILED tests/performance/test_gpu_performance.py::TestGPUMemoryEfficiency::test_cpu_memory_efficiency 
tests/performance/test_gpu_performance.py::TestGPUAccuracyVsSpeed::test_auto_backend_selection_accuracy 
[gw7] [ 15%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestMemoryProfiler::test_take_snapshot 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestMemoryProfiler::test_compare_snapshots 
[gw7] [ 15%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestMemoryProfiler::test_compare_snapshots 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestMemoryProfiler::test_detect_leaks_no_leak 
[gw4] [ 15%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestAdaptiveSweepEdgeCases::test_adaptive_sweep_before_adaptation 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestAdaptiveSweepEdgeCases::test_adaptive_sweep_extreme_exploration 
[gw0] [ 15%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestTubeBasedMPC::test_initialization 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestTubeBasedMPC::test_plan 
[gw7] [ 15%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestMemoryProfiler::test_detect_leaks_no_leak 
[gw2] [ 15%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestDask::test_6_parallel_map 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestPerformanceReporter::test_generate_report 
tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestDask::test_7_map_reduce 
[gw7] [ 15%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestPerformanceReporter::test_generate_report 
[gw0] [ 15%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestTubeBasedMPC::test_plan 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestRiskMeasures::test_expectation 
[gw0] [ 15%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestRiskMeasures::test_expectation 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestRiskMeasures::test_variance 
[gw0] [ 15%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestRiskMeasures::test_variance 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestRiskMeasures::test_cvar 
[gw0] [ 15%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestRiskMeasures::test_cvar 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestPerformanceReporter::test_recommend_optimizations 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestRiskMeasures::test_mean_variance 
[gw7] [ 16%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestPerformanceReporter::test_recommend_optimizations 
[gw0] [ 16%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestRiskMeasures::test_mean_variance 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestCVaROptimizer::test_compute_cvar 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestPerformanceOptimizer::test_apply_caching 
[gw0] [ 16%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestCVaROptimizer::test_compute_cvar 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestCVaROptimizer::test_optimize 
[gw3] [ 16%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestLocalSchedulerEdgeCases::test_query_nonexistent_job 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestLocalSchedulerEdgeCases::test_cancel_nonexistent_job 
[gw4] [ 16%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestAdaptiveSweepEdgeCases::test_adaptive_sweep_extreme_exploration 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestAdaptiveSweepEdgeCases::test_adaptive_sweep_zero_exploration 
[gw7] [ 16%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestPerformanceOptimizer::test_apply_caching 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestPerformanceOptimizer::test_apply_vectorization 
[gw7] [ 16%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestPerformanceOptimizer::test_apply_vectorization 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestPerformanceOptimizer::test_optimization_summary 
[gw3] [ 16%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestLocalSchedulerEdgeCases::test_cancel_nonexistent_job 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestLocalSchedulerEdgeCases::test_cancel_already_completed_job 
[gw7] [ 16%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestPerformanceOptimizer::test_optimization_summary 
tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestIntegration::test_complete_profiling_workflow 
[gw2] [ 16%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestDask::test_7_map_reduce 
tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestDask::test_8_distribute_computation 
[gw7] [ 17%] PASSED tests/ml/test_performance.py::TestIntegration::test_complete_profiling_workflow 
tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestPINNConfiguration::test_default_config 
[gw7] [ 17%] PASSED tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestPINNConfiguration::test_default_config 
tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestPINNConfiguration::test_custom_config 
[gw7] [ 17%] PASSED tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestPINNConfiguration::test_custom_config 
tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestPINNModel::test_create_vanilla_model 
[gw7] [ 17%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestPINNModel::test_create_vanilla_model 
tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestPINNModel::test_create_residual_model 
[gw7] [ 17%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestPINNModel::test_create_residual_model 
tests/performance/test_solver_performance.py::TestCollocationPerformanceRegression::test_scheme_comparison_performance 
[gw4] [ 17%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestAdaptiveSweepEdgeCases::test_adaptive_sweep_zero_exploration 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestMultiObjectiveSweepEdgeCases::test_pareto_single_objective 
[gw4] [ 17%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestMultiObjectiveSweepEdgeCases::test_pareto_single_objective 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestMultiObjectiveSweepEdgeCases::test_pareto_all_identical 
[gw4] [ 17%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestMultiObjectiveSweepEdgeCases::test_pareto_all_identical 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestMultiObjectiveSweepEdgeCases::test_pareto_empty_results 
[gw4] [ 17%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestMultiObjectiveSweepEdgeCases::test_pareto_empty_results 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestMultiObjectiveSweepEdgeCases::test_hypervolume_invalid_reference 
[gw4] [ 17%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestMultiObjectiveSweepEdgeCases::test_hypervolume_invalid_reference 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestSensitivityAnalysisEdgeCases::test_sensitivity_constant_objective 
[gw2] [ 18%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestDask::test_8_distribute_computation 
tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestParameterSpec::test_9_continuous_param 
[gw4] [ 18%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestSensitivityAnalysisEdgeCases::test_sensitivity_constant_objective 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestSensitivityAnalysisEdgeCases::test_sensitivity_single_sample 
[gw2] [ 18%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc.py::TestParameterSpec::test_9_continuous_param 
tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestPINNModel::test_create_fourier_model 
[gw2] [ 18%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestPINNModel::test_create_fourier_model 
tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestPINNModel::test_model_forward_pass 
[gw2] [ 18%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestPINNModel::test_model_forward_pass 
tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestSampling::test_uniform_sampling 
[gw2] [ 18%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestSampling::test_uniform_sampling 
tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestSampling::test_quasi_random_sampling 
[gw2] [ 18%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestSampling::test_quasi_random_sampling 
tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestSampling::test_boundary_emphasis_sampling 
[gw2] [ 18%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestSampling::test_boundary_emphasis_sampling 
tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestHJBResidual::test_hjb_residual_computation 
[gw2] [ 18%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestHJBResidual::test_hjb_residual_computation 
tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestHJBResidual::test_hjb_residual_batch 
[gw2] [ 18%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestHJBResidual::test_hjb_residual_batch 
tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestLossFunctions::test_boundary_loss 
[gw2] [ 19%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestLossFunctions::test_boundary_loss 
tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestLossFunctions::test_initial_condition_loss 
[gw2] [ 19%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestLossFunctions::test_initial_condition_loss 
tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestLossFunctions::test_total_loss 
[gw2] [ 19%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestLossFunctions::test_total_loss 
tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestInverseOptimalControl::test_inverse_oc_initialization 
[gw2] [ 19%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestInverseOptimalControl::test_inverse_oc_initialization 
tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestInverseOptimalControl::test_parametric_cost 
[gw2] [ 19%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestInverseOptimalControl::test_parametric_cost 
tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestInverseOptimalControl::test_learn_from_demonstrations_simple 
[gw2] [ 19%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestInverseOptimalControl::test_learn_from_demonstrations_simple 
tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestPINNIntegration::test_complete_pinn_workflow 
[gw2] [ 19%] SKIPPED tests/ml/test_pinn.py::TestPINNIntegration::test_complete_pinn_workflow 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestRobustControlConfig::test_default_config 
[gw2] [ 19%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestRobustControlConfig::test_default_config 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestRobustControlConfig::test_custom_config 
[gw2] [ 19%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestRobustControlConfig::test_custom_config 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestUQConfig::test_default_config 
[gw2] [ 19%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestUQConfig::test_default_config 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestUQConfig::test_custom_config 
[gw2] [ 20%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestUQConfig::test_custom_config 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestHInfinityControl::test_initialization 
[gw2] [ 20%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestHInfinityControl::test_initialization 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestHInfinityControl::test_solve_riccati_simple 
[gw7] [ 20%] FAILED tests/performance/test_solver_performance.py::TestCollocationPerformanceRegression::test_scheme_comparison_performance 
tests/performance/test_solver_performance.py::TestCollocationPerformanceRegression::test_constraint_handling_performance 
[gw0] [ 20%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestCVaROptimizer::test_optimize 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestStochasticMPC::test_simulate_scenario 
[gw0] [ 20%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestStochasticMPC::test_simulate_scenario 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestStochasticMPC::test_plan 
[gw4] [ 20%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestSensitivityAnalysisEdgeCases::test_sensitivity_single_sample 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestDaskEdgeCases::test_distribute_empty_task_list 
[gw4] [ 20%] SKIPPED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestDaskEdgeCases::test_distribute_empty_task_list 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestDaskEdgeCases::test_distribute_single_task 
[gw4] [ 20%] SKIPPED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestDaskEdgeCases::test_distribute_single_task 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestDaskEdgeCases::test_fault_tolerant_all_failures 
[gw4] [ 20%] SKIPPED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestDaskEdgeCases::test_fault_tolerant_all_failures 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestDaskEdgeCases::test_checkpoint_force_recompute 
[gw4] [ 20%] SKIPPED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestDaskEdgeCases::test_checkpoint_force_recompute 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestVisualizationExport::test_visualize_empty_results 
[gw2] [ 21%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestHInfinityControl::test_solve_riccati_simple 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestHInfinityControl::test_solve_riccati_no_solution 
[gw2] [ 21%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestHInfinityControl::test_solve_riccati_no_solution 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestHInfinityControl::test_design_controller 
[gw2] [ 21%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestHInfinityControl::test_design_controller 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestHInfinityControl::test_evaluate_closed_loop_norm 
[gw0] [ 21%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestStochasticMPC::test_plan 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestSampleAverageApproximation::test_solve_saa 
[gw0] [ 21%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestSampleAverageApproximation::test_solve_saa 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestSampleAverageApproximation::test_optimize_with_validation 
[gw0] [ 21%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestSampleAverageApproximation::test_optimize_with_validation 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestCartPole::test_initialization 
[gw0] [ 21%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestCartPole::test_initialization 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestCartPole::test_dynamics 
[gw0] [ 21%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestCartPole::test_dynamics 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestCartPole::test_cost 
[gw0] [ 21%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestCartPole::test_cost 
tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestQuadrotor::test_initialization 
[gw0] [ 21%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestQuadrotor::test_initialization 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_long_simulation 
[gw0] [ 22%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_long_simulation 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_abp 
[gw0] [ 22%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_abp 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_run_and_tumble 
[gw0] [ 22%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_run_and_tumble 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_active_nematics 
[gw0] [ 22%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_active_nematics 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_execute_vicsek_success 
[gw7] [ 22%] FAILED tests/performance/test_solver_performance.py::TestCollocationPerformanceRegression::test_constraint_handling_performance 
tests/performance/test_solver_performance.py::TestMagnusExpansionPerformance::test_energy_conservation_accuracy 
[gw7] [ 22%] FAILED tests/performance/test_solver_performance.py::TestMagnusExpansionPerformance::test_energy_conservation_accuracy 
tests/performance/test_solver_performance.py::TestMagnusExpansionPerformance::test_order_convergence_rates 
[gw4] [ 22%] FAILED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestVisualizationExport::test_visualize_empty_results 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestVisualizationExport::test_export_json 
[gw4] [ 22%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestVisualizationExport::test_export_json 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestVisualizationExport::test_export_csv 
[gw4] [ 22%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestVisualizationExport::test_export_csv 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestVisualizationExport::test_export_invalid_format 
[gw4] [ 22%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestVisualizationExport::test_export_invalid_format 
tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestConfiguration::test_resource_requirements_defaults 
[gw4] [ 23%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestConfiguration::test_resource_requirements_defaults 
tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestConfiguration::test_resource_requirements_custom 
[gw4] [ 23%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestConfiguration::test_resource_requirements_custom 
tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestConfiguration::test_job_status_enum 
[gw4] [ 23%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestConfiguration::test_job_status_enum 
tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestConfiguration::test_job_info_creation 
[gw4] [ 23%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestConfiguration::test_job_info_creation 
tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestLocalScheduler::test_local_scheduler_init 
[gw4] [ 23%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestLocalScheduler::test_local_scheduler_init 
tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestLocalScheduler::test_local_job_submission 
[gw7] [ 23%] FAILED tests/performance/test_solver_performance.py::TestMagnusExpansionPerformance::test_order_convergence_rates 
tests/performance/test_solver_performance.py::TestMagnusExpansionPerformance::test_magnus_performance_scaling 
[gw7] [ 23%] FAILED tests/performance/test_solver_performance.py::TestMagnusExpansionPerformance::test_magnus_performance_scaling 
tests/performance/test_solver_performance.py::TestCrossSolverComparison::test_pmp_vs_collocation_lqr 
[gw7] [ 23%] FAILED tests/performance/test_solver_performance.py::TestCrossSolverComparison::test_pmp_vs_collocation_lqr 
tests/performance/test_solver_performance.py::TestCrossSolverComparison::test_solver_speed_comparison 
[gw7] [ 23%] FAILED tests/performance/test_solver_performance.py::TestCrossSolverComparison::test_solver_speed_comparison 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_agent_initialization 
[gw7] [ 23%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_agent_initialization 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_get_metadata 
[gw7] [ 23%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_get_metadata 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_get_capabilities 
[gw7] [ 24%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_get_capabilities 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_validate_input_success_vicsek 
[gw7] [ 24%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_validate_input_success_vicsek 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_validate_input_success_abp 
[gw7] [ 24%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_validate_input_success_abp 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_validate_input_missing_model 
[gw7] [ 24%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_validate_input_missing_model 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_validate_input_invalid_model 
[gw7] [ 24%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_validate_input_invalid_model 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_validate_input_small_particle_number 
[gw7] [ 24%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_validate_input_small_particle_number 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_validate_input_missing_velocity 
[gw7] [ 24%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_validate_input_missing_velocity 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_validate_input_abp_missing_peclet 
[gw7] [ 24%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_validate_input_abp_missing_peclet 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_validate_input_all_models 
[gw7] [ 24%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_validate_input_all_models 
[gw2] [ 24%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestHInfinityControl::test_evaluate_closed_loop_norm 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestStochasticOptimalControl::test_initialization 
[gw2] [ 25%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestStochasticOptimalControl::test_initialization 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_swarming_metrics 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_small_system 
[gw7] [ 25%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_small_system 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_medium_system 
[gw7] [ 25%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_medium_system 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_large_system 
[gw7] [ 25%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_large_system 
[gw2] [ 25%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_swarming_metrics 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_caching_identical_inputs 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_check_status_invalid_job_id 
[gw7] [ 25%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_check_status_invalid_job_id 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_retrieve_results_after_completion 
[gw7] [ 25%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_retrieve_results_after_completion 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_retrieve_results_invalid_job_id 
[gw7] [ 25%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_retrieve_results_invalid_job_id 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_validate_linear_response_good 
[gw7] [ 25%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_validate_linear_response_good 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_validate_linear_response_poor 
[gw7] [ 25%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_validate_linear_response_poor 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_compute_entropy_production_positive 
[gw7] [ 26%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_compute_entropy_production_positive 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_compute_entropy_production_zero_equilibrium 
[gw7] [ 26%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_compute_entropy_production_zero_equilibrium 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_cross_validate_green_kubo_good 
[gw7] [ 26%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_cross_validate_green_kubo_good 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_cross_validate_green_kubo_poor 
[gw7] [ 26%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_cross_validate_green_kubo_poor 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_caching_identical_inputs 
[gw7] [ 26%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_caching_identical_inputs 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_caching_different_inputs 
[gw1] [ 26%] PASSED tests/applications/test_advanced_applications.py::TestIntegration::test_stochastic_control_with_uncertainty 
[gw7] [ 26%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_caching_different_inputs 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_gpu_vs_cpu_simple 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_provenance_tracking 
[gw1] [ 26%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_gpu_vs_cpu_simple 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_gpu_trace_preservation 
[gw1] [ 26%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_gpu_trace_preservation 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_gpu_hermiticity 
[gw1] [ 26%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_gpu_hermiticity 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_gpu_positivity 
[gw1] [ 27%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_gpu_positivity 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_gpu_entropy_monotonicity 
[gw1] [ 27%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_gpu_entropy_monotonicity 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_gpu_speedup_medium 
[gw1] [ 27%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_gpu_speedup_medium 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_gpu_large_system 
[gw1] [ 27%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_gpu_large_system 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_auto_backend_selection 
[gw1] [ 27%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_auto_backend_selection 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_benchmark_gpu_speedup 
[gw1] [ 27%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_benchmark_gpu_speedup 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_batched_evolution_performance 
[gw1] [ 27%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_batched_evolution_performance 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_zero_decay 
[gw1] [ 27%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_zero_decay 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_high_decay 
[gw1] [ 27%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_high_decay 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_long_evolution 
[gw1] [ 27%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_long_evolution 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_multiple_jump_operators 
[gw1] [ 28%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_multiple_jump_operators 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_excited_initial_state 
[gw1] [ 28%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_lindblad_excited_initial_state 
tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_entropy_computation 
[gw1] [ 28%] SKIPPED tests/gpu/test_quantum_gpu.py::test_entropy_computation 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestStochasticOptimalControl::test_hjb_residual_computation 
[gw7] [ 28%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_provenance_tracking 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_provenance_input_hash 
[gw7] [ 28%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_provenance_input_hash 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_viscosity_positive 
[gw7] [ 28%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_viscosity_positive 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_velocity_profile_linear 
[gw7] [ 28%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_velocity_profile_linear 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_ohms_law_low_field 
[gw7] [ 28%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_ohms_law_low_field 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_entropy_production_positive 
[gw7] [ 28%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_entropy_production_positive 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_workflow_nemd_viscosity_series 
[gw1] [ 28%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestStochasticOptimalControl::test_hjb_residual_computation 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestUncertaintyQuantification::test_initialization 
[gw1] [ 29%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestUncertaintyQuantification::test_initialization 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestUncertaintyQuantification::test_monte_carlo_linear_system 
[gw7] [ 29%] FAILED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_workflow_nemd_viscosity_series 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_workflow_thermal_gradient_to_conductivity 
[gw7] [ 29%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_workflow_thermal_gradient_to_conductivity 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_workflow_all_driving_methods 
[gw7] [ 29%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_workflow_all_driving_methods 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_agent_initialization 
[gw7] [ 29%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_agent_initialization 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_get_metadata 
[gw7] [ 29%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_get_metadata 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_get_capabilities 
[gw7] [ 29%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_get_capabilities 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_validate_input_success_jarzynski 
[gw7] [ 29%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_validate_input_success_jarzynski 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_validate_input_success_crooks 
[gw7] [ 29%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_validate_input_success_crooks 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_validate_input_missing_theorem 
[gw7] [ 29%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_validate_input_missing_theorem 
[gw1] [ 30%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestUncertaintyQuantification::test_monte_carlo_linear_system 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestUncertaintyQuantification::test_polynomial_chaos_simple 
[gw1] [ 30%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestUncertaintyQuantification::test_polynomial_chaos_simple 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestUncertaintyQuantification::test_unscented_transform 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_validate_input_invalid_theorem 
[gw1] [ 30%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestUncertaintyQuantification::test_unscented_transform 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestUncertaintyQuantification::test_sensitivity_analysis 
[gw1] [ 30%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestUncertaintyQuantification::test_sensitivity_analysis 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestRiskSensitiveControl::test_risk_neutral 
[gw7] [ 30%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_validate_input_invalid_theorem 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_validate_input_jarzynski_missing_work 
[gw7] [ 30%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_validate_input_jarzynski_missing_work 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_validate_input_crooks_missing_reverse 
[gw1] [ 30%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestRiskSensitiveControl::test_risk_neutral 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestRiskSensitiveControl::test_risk_averse 
[gw1] [ 30%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestRiskSensitiveControl::test_risk_averse 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestRiskSensitiveControl::test_risk_seeking 
[gw1] [ 30%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestRiskSensitiveControl::test_risk_seeking 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestRiskSensitiveControl::test_risk_adjusted_control 
[gw1] [ 30%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestRiskSensitiveControl::test_risk_adjusted_control 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestIntegration::test_hinf_with_uncertainty 
[gw7] [ 30%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_validate_input_crooks_missing_reverse 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_validate_input_small_sample_warning 
[gw7] [ 31%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_validate_input_small_sample_warning 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_validate_input_negative_temperature 
[gw7] [ 31%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_validate_input_negative_temperature 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_small_dataset 
[gw7] [ 31%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_small_dataset 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_large_dataset 
[gw7] [ 31%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_large_dataset 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_jarzynski 
[gw7] [ 31%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_jarzynski 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_crooks 
[gw7] [ 31%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_crooks 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_integral_fluctuation 
[gw7] [ 31%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_integral_fluctuation 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_transient 
[gw7] [ 31%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_transient 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_detailed_balance 
[gw7] [ 31%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_detailed_balance 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_execute_jarzynski_success 
[gw7] [ 31%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_execute_jarzynski_success 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_execute_crooks_success 
[gw7] [ 32%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_execute_crooks_success 
[gw1] [ 32%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestIntegration::test_hinf_with_uncertainty 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestIntegration::test_risk_sensitive_with_stochastic_control 
[gw1] [ 32%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestIntegration::test_risk_sensitive_with_stochastic_control 
tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestIntegration::test_complete_robust_control_workflow 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_execute_integral_fluctuation_success 
[gw1] [ 32%] PASSED tests/ml/test_robust_control.py::TestIntegration::test_complete_robust_control_workflow 
tests/ml/test_transfer_curriculum.py::TestTransferLearning::test_transfer_manager_initialization 
[gw1] [ 32%] PASSED tests/ml/test_transfer_curriculum.py::TestTransferLearning::test_transfer_manager_initialization 
[gw7] [ 32%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_execute_integral_fluctuation_success 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_execute_transient_success 
[gw7] [ 32%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_execute_transient_success 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_execute_detailed_balance_success 
tests/ml/test_transfer_curriculum.py::TestTransferLearning::test_register_source_task 
[gw1] [ 32%] PASSED tests/ml/test_transfer_curriculum.py::TestTransferLearning::test_register_source_task 
tests/ml/test_transfer_curriculum.py::TestTransferLearning::test_similarity_metric 
[gw1] [ 32%] PASSED tests/ml/test_transfer_curriculum.py::TestTransferLearning::test_similarity_metric 
tests/ml/test_transfer_curriculum.py::TestTransferLearning::test_transfer_strategies 
[gw1] [ 32%] PASSED tests/ml/test_transfer_curriculum.py::TestTransferLearning::test_transfer_strategies 
tests/ml/test_transfer_curriculum.py::TestTransferLearning::test_save_load_source_task 
[gw7] [ 33%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_execute_detailed_balance_success 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_execute_jarzynski_second_law 
[gw1] [ 33%] PASSED tests/ml/test_transfer_curriculum.py::TestTransferLearning::test_save_load_source_task 
tests/ml/test_transfer_curriculum.py::TestDomainAdaptation::test_mmd_computation 
[gw7] [ 33%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_execute_jarzynski_second_law 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_execute_invalid_theorem 
[gw7] [ 33%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_execute_invalid_theorem 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_jarzynski_free_energy_reasonable 
[gw7] [ 33%] FAILED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_jarzynski_free_energy_reasonable 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_crooks_intersection_point 
[gw7] [ 33%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_crooks_intersection_point 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_integral_fluctuation_unity 
[gw7] [ 33%] FAILED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_integral_fluctuation_unity 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_detailed_balance_stationary_sum 
[gw7] [ 33%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_detailed_balance_stationary_sum 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_transient_symmetry 
[gw1] [ 33%] PASSED tests/ml/test_transfer_curriculum.py::TestDomainAdaptation::test_mmd_computation 
[gw7] [ 33%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_transient_symmetry 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_entropy_production_positive_on_average 
[gw7] [ 34%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_entropy_production_positive_on_average 
tests/ml/test_transfer_curriculum.py::TestDomainAdaptation::test_mmd_detects_shift 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_cross_validate_free_energy_good 
[gw7] [ 34%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_cross_validate_free_energy_good 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_cross_validate_free_energy_poor 
[gw7] [ 34%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_cross_validate_free_energy_poor 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_estimate_sampling_requirements 
[gw7] [ 34%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_estimate_sampling_requirements 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_jarzynski_crooks_consistency 
[gw7] [ 34%] FAILED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_jarzynski_crooks_consistency 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_validate_landauer_input_valid 
[gw7] [ 34%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_validate_landauer_input_valid 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_validate_maxwell_demon_input_valid 
[gw7] [ 34%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_validate_maxwell_demon_input_valid 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_validate_mutual_information_input_valid 
[gw7] [ 34%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_validate_mutual_information_input_valid 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_validate_missing_method 
[gw7] [ 34%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_validate_missing_method 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_validate_invalid_method 
[gw7] [ 34%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_validate_invalid_method 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_validate_missing_data 
[gw7] [ 35%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_validate_missing_data 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_validate_missing_parameters 
[gw7] [ 35%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_validate_missing_parameters 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_validate_invalid_temperature 
[gw7] [ 35%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_validate_invalid_temperature 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_validate_very_high_temperature 
[gw7] [ 35%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_validate_very_high_temperature 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_validate_edge_case_zero_temperature 
[gw7] [ 35%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_validate_edge_case_zero_temperature 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_landauer_local 
[gw7] [ 35%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_landauer_local 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_maxwell_demon_local 
[gw7] [ 35%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_maxwell_demon_local 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_mutual_info_local 
[gw7] [ 35%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_mutual_info_local 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_tur 
[gw7] [ 35%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_tur 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_feedback_control 
[gw7] [ 35%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_feedback_control 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_large_dataset 
[gw1] [ 36%] FAILED tests/ml/test_transfer_curriculum.py::TestDomainAdaptation::test_mmd_detects_shift 
tests/ml/test_transfer_curriculum.py::TestDomainAdaptation::test_coral_computation 
[gw1] [ 36%] PASSED tests/ml/test_transfer_curriculum.py::TestDomainAdaptation::test_coral_computation 
tests/ml/test_transfer_curriculum.py::TestDomainAdaptation::test_coral_detects_covariance_difference 
[gw1] [ 36%] PASSED tests/ml/test_transfer_curriculum.py::TestDomainAdaptation::test_coral_detects_covariance_difference 
tests/ml/test_transfer_curriculum.py::TestMultiTaskTransfer::test_multi_task_initialization 
[gw1] [ 36%] PASSED tests/ml/test_transfer_curriculum.py::TestMultiTaskTransfer::test_multi_task_initialization 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_analyze_trajectory_method 
[gw1] [ 36%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_analyze_trajectory_method 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_caching_identical_inputs 
[gw7] [ 36%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_large_dataset 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_hpc_environment 
[gw7] [ 36%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_hpc_environment 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_complex_method 
[gw1] [ 36%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_caching_identical_inputs 
[gw7] [ 36%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_complex_method 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_caching_different_inputs 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_returns_requirements 
[gw7] [ 36%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_returns_requirements 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_no_gpu_required 
[gw1] [ 37%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_caching_different_inputs 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_provenance_tracking 
[gw7] [ 37%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_no_gpu_required 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_landauer_basic 
[gw1] [ 37%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_provenance_tracking 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_provenance_input_hash 
[gw7] [ 37%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_landauer_basic 
[gw1] [ 37%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_provenance_input_hash 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_landauer_limit_physics 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_jarzynski_jensen_inequality 
[gw7] [ 37%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_landauer_limit_physics 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_landauer_entropy_production 
[gw1] [ 37%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_jarzynski_jensen_inequality 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_second_law_violations_rare 
[gw1] [ 37%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_second_law_violations_rare 
[gw7] [ 37%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_landauer_entropy_production 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_landauer_efficiency 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_detailed_balance_equilibrium_only 
[gw1] [ 37%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_detailed_balance_equilibrium_only 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_ift_exponential_martingale 
[gw1] [ 38%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_ift_exponential_martingale 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_workflow_jarzynski_to_crooks 
[gw7] [ 38%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_landauer_efficiency 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_landauer_provenance 
[gw7] [ 38%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_landauer_provenance 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_maxwell_demon_basic 
[gw1] [ 38%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_workflow_jarzynski_to_crooks 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_workflow_all_theorems 
[gw1] [ 38%] PASSED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_workflow_all_theorems 
tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_workflow_free_energy_estimation_pipeline 
[gw7] [ 38%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_maxwell_demon_basic 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_maxwell_demon_second_law 
[gw7] [ 38%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_maxwell_demon_second_law 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_maxwell_demon_efficiency 
[gw1] [ 38%] FAILED tests/test_fluctuation_agent.py::test_workflow_free_energy_estimation_pipeline 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_agent_initialization 
[gw7] [ 38%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_maxwell_demon_efficiency 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_mutual_information_basic 
[gw7] [ 38%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_mutual_information_basic 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_mutual_information_nonnegative 
[gw1] [ 38%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_agent_initialization 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_agent_metadata 
[gw7] [ 39%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_mutual_information_nonnegative 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_mutual_information_independent_systems 
[gw1] [ 39%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_agent_metadata 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_agent_capabilities 
[gw1] [ 39%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_agent_capabilities 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_supported_methods 
[gw7] [ 39%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_mutual_information_independent_systems 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_tur_basic 
[gw1] [ 39%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_supported_methods 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_agent_description 
[gw7] [ 39%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_tur_basic 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_tur_bound_satisfied 
[gw1] [ 39%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_agent_description 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_validate_rare_event_input_valid 
[gw1] [ 39%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_validate_rare_event_input_valid 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_validate_tps_input_valid 
[gw1] [ 39%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_validate_tps_input_valid 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_validate_dpt_input_valid 
[gw1] [ 39%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_validate_dpt_input_valid 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_validate_missing_method 
[gw1] [ 40%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_validate_missing_method 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_validate_invalid_method 
[gw1] [ 40%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_validate_invalid_method 
[gw7] [ 40%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_tur_bound_satisfied 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_tur_precision_dissipation 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_validate_missing_data 
[gw1] [ 40%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_validate_missing_data 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_validate_large_bias_parameter 
[gw1] [ 40%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_validate_large_bias_parameter 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_validate_missing_observable 
[gw1] [ 40%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_validate_missing_observable 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_validate_missing_trajectory_tps 
[gw1] [ 40%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_validate_missing_trajectory_tps 
[gw7] [ 40%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_tur_precision_dissipation 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_feedback_control_basic 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_validate_edge_case_parameters 
[gw1] [ 40%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_validate_edge_case_parameters 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_rare_event_local 
[gw7] [ 40%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_feedback_control_basic 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_feedback_control_efficiency_bounded 
[gw7] [ 41%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_feedback_control_efficiency_bounded 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_feedback_control_with_delay 
[gw7] [ 41%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_execute_feedback_control_with_delay 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_integration_analyze_fluctuation_work 
[gw1] [ 41%] FAILED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_rare_event_local 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_tps_local 
[gw7] [ 41%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_integration_analyze_fluctuation_work 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_integration_compute_information_flow 
[gw7] [ 41%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_integration_compute_information_flow 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_integration_validate_thermodynamic_bounds 
[gw1] [ 41%] FAILED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_tps_local 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_dpt_hpc 
[gw7] [ 41%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_integration_validate_thermodynamic_bounds 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_caching_identical_inputs 
[gw7] [ 41%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_caching_identical_inputs 
tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_error_handling_invalid_input 
[gw1] [ 41%] FAILED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_dpt_hpc 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_large_dataset 
[gw7] [ 41%] ERROR tests/test_information_thermodynamics_agent.py::test_error_handling_invalid_input 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_agent_initialization 
[gw7] [ 42%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_agent_initialization 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_agent_metadata 
[gw7] [ 42%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_agent_metadata 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_agent_capabilities 
[gw7] [ 42%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_agent_capabilities 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_supported_methods 
[gw7] [ 42%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_supported_methods 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_agent_description 
[gw7] [ 42%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_agent_description 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_dpt_basic 
[gw7] [ 42%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_dpt_basic 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_dpt_theta_s 
[gw7] [ 42%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_dpt_theta_s 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_dpt_critical_point 
[gw7] [ 42%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_dpt_critical_point 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_dpt_curvature 
[gw1] [ 42%] FAILED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_large_dataset 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_tps_complex 
[gw7] [ 42%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_dpt_curvature 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_dpt_mean_activity 
[gw7] [ 43%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_dpt_mean_activity 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_rate_function_basic 
[gw7] [ 43%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_rate_function_basic 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_rate_function_legendre 
[gw1] [ 43%] FAILED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_tps_complex 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_returns_requirements 
[gw7] [ 43%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_rate_function_legendre 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_rate_function_at_mean 
[gw7] [ 43%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_rate_function_at_mean 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_s_ensemble_basic 
[gw1] [ 43%] FAILED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_returns_requirements 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_dpt_multiple_s 
[gw7] [ 43%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_s_ensemble_basic 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_s_ensemble_bias_shift 
[gw7] [ 43%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_s_ensemble_bias_shift 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_integration_analyze_driven_rare_events 
[gw1] [ 43%] FAILED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_dpt_multiple_s 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_no_gpu_required 
[gw1] [ 43%] FAILED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_no_gpu_required 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_rate_function 
[gw1] [ 44%] FAILED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_rate_function 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_s_ensemble 
[gw1] [ 44%] FAILED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_s_ensemble 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_rare_event_basic 
[gw7] [ 44%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_integration_analyze_driven_rare_events 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_integration_compute_transition_rates 
[gw7] [ 44%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_integration_compute_transition_rates 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_integration_validate_fluctuation_tail 
[gw7] [ 44%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_integration_validate_fluctuation_tail 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_caching_identical_inputs 
[gw1] [ 44%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_rare_event_basic 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_rare_event_rate_function 
[gw7] [ 44%] FAILED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_caching_identical_inputs 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_error_handling_invalid_input 
[gw1] [ 44%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_rare_event_rate_function 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_rare_event_importance_sampling 
[gw7] [ 44%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_error_handling_invalid_input 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_agent_initialization 
[gw7] [ 44%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_agent_initialization 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_agent_metadata 
[gw1] [ 45%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_rare_event_importance_sampling 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_rare_event_provenance 
[gw7] [ 45%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_agent_metadata 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_agent_capabilities 
[gw7] [ 45%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_agent_capabilities 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_supported_methods 
[gw7] [ 45%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_supported_methods 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_agent_registry 
[gw7] [ 45%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_agent_registry 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_workflow_node_creation 
[gw7] [ 45%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_workflow_node_creation 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_workflow_dag_creation 
[gw7] [ 45%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_workflow_dag_creation 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_workflow_add_node 
[gw7] [ 45%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_workflow_add_node 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_workflow_execution_order_simple 
[gw7] [ 45%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_workflow_execution_order_simple 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_workflow_execution_order_parallel 
[gw7] [ 45%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_workflow_execution_order_parallel 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_validate_workflow_design_input_valid 
[gw7] [ 46%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_validate_workflow_design_input_valid 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_validate_optimize_input_valid 
[gw7] [ 46%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_validate_optimize_input_valid 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_validate_missing_method 
[gw7] [ 46%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_validate_missing_method 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_optimize_techniques_active_matter 
[gw1] [ 46%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_rare_event_provenance 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_rare_event_scgf 
[gw7] [ 46%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_optimize_techniques_active_matter 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_optimize_techniques_information 
[gw7] [ 46%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_optimize_techniques_information 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_optimize_techniques_confidence_score 
[gw7] [ 46%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_optimize_techniques_confidence_score 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_optimize_techniques_agent_scores 
[gw7] [ 46%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_optimize_techniques_agent_scores 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_cross_validate_basic 
[gw7] [ 46%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_cross_validate_basic 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_cross_validate_consistency_metrics 
[gw1] [ 46%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_rare_event_scgf 
[gw7] [ 46%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_cross_validate_consistency_metrics 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_cross_validate_consistency_score 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_tps_basic 
[gw1] [ 47%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_tps_basic 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_tps_committor 
[gw7] [ 47%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_cross_validate_consistency_score 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_cross_validate_insufficient_data 
[gw7] [ 47%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_cross_validate_insufficient_data 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_cross_validate_relative_std 
[gw1] [ 47%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_tps_committor 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_tps_transition_state 
[gw1] [ 47%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_tps_transition_state 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_tps_transition_rate 
[gw7] [ 47%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_cross_validate_relative_std 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_synthesize_results_basic 
[gw1] [ 47%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_tps_transition_rate 
tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_tps_transitions 
[gw1] [ 47%] PASSED tests/test_large_deviation_agent.py::test_execute_tps_transitions 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_validate_invalid_method 
[gw7] [ 47%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_synthesize_results_basic 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_synthesize_results_mean_computation 
[gw1] [ 47%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_validate_invalid_method 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_validate_cross_validate_missing_results 
[gw1] [ 48%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_validate_cross_validate_missing_results 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_design_workflow 
[gw7] [ 48%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_synthesize_results_mean_computation 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_synthesize_results_confidence 
[gw1] [ 48%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_design_workflow 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_optimize_techniques 
[gw7] [ 48%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_synthesize_results_confidence 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_synthesize_results_summary 
[gw1] [ 48%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_optimize_techniques 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_automated_pipeline 
[gw7] [ 48%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_synthesize_results_summary 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_synthesize_results_no_data 
[gw1] [ 48%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_automated_pipeline 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_cross_validate 
[gw7] [ 48%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_synthesize_results_no_data 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_automated_pipeline_basic 
[gw7] [ 48%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_automated_pipeline_basic 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_automated_pipeline_workflow_design 
[gw1] [ 48%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_cross_validate 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_execute_workflow 
[gw7] [ 49%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_automated_pipeline_workflow_design 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_automated_pipeline_execution_results 
[gw1] [ 49%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_execute_workflow 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_design_workflow_active_matter 
[gw1] [ 49%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_design_workflow_active_matter 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_design_workflow_fluctuation 
[gw7] [ 49%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_automated_pipeline_execution_results 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_automated_pipeline_cross_validation 
[gw1] [ 49%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_design_workflow_fluctuation 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_design_workflow_transport 
[gw7] [ 49%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_automated_pipeline_cross_validation 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_automated_pipeline_complete_status 
[gw1] [ 49%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_design_workflow_transport 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_workflow_design_execution_order 
[gw1] [ 49%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_workflow_design_execution_order 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_workflow_design_caching 
[gw7] [ 49%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_automated_pipeline_complete_status 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_workflow_simple 
[gw1] [ 49%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_workflow_design_caching 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_optimize_techniques_transport 
[gw7] [ 50%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_workflow_simple 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_workflow_sequential 
[gw1] [ 50%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_optimize_techniques_transport 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_agent_metadata 
[gw1] [ 50%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_agent_metadata 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_agent_capabilities 
[gw1] [ 50%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_agent_capabilities 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_agent_constants 
[gw1] [ 50%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_agent_constants 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_agent_config_initialization 
[gw1] [ 50%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_agent_config_initialization 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_validate_lindblad_valid 
[gw1] [ 50%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_validate_lindblad_valid 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_validate_missing_method 
[gw1] [ 50%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_validate_missing_method 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_validate_invalid_method 
[gw1] [ 50%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_validate_invalid_method 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_validate_missing_data 
[gw1] [ 50%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_validate_missing_data 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_validate_missing_parameters_warning 
[gw1] [ 51%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_validate_missing_parameters_warning 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_validate_negative_time 
[gw1] [ 51%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_validate_negative_time 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_validate_negative_temperature 
[gw1] [ 51%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_validate_negative_temperature 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_validate_quantum_ft_valid 
[gw1] [ 51%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_validate_quantum_ft_valid 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_lindblad_success 
[gw1] [ 51%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_lindblad_success 
[gw7] [ 51%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_workflow_sequential 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_workflow_success_rate 
[gw7] [ 51%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_execute_workflow_success_rate 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_provenance_tracking 
[gw4] [ 51%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestLocalScheduler::test_local_job_submission 
tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestLocalScheduler::test_local_job_status 
[gw7] [ 51%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_provenance_tracking 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_metadata_generation 
[gw7] [ 51%] ERROR tests/test_nonequilibrium_master_agent.py::test_metadata_generation 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_agent_initialization 
[gw7] [ 52%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_agent_initialization 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_validate_transport_valid 
[gw7] [ 52%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_validate_transport_valid 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_validate_thermodynamics_valid 
[gw7] [ 52%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_validate_thermodynamics_valid 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_lindblad_small 
[gw7] [ 52%] FAILED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_lindblad_small 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_lindblad_large 
[gw7] [ 52%] FAILED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_lindblad_large 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_quantum_ft 
[gw7] [ 52%] FAILED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_quantum_ft 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_gksl 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_lindblad_trace_preservation 
[gw1] [ 52%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_lindblad_trace_preservation 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_lindblad_entropy_increase 
[gw1] [ 52%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_lindblad_entropy_increase 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_lindblad_purity_decrease 
[gw1] [ 52%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_lindblad_purity_decrease 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_lindblad_provenance 
[gw1] [ 52%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_lindblad_provenance 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_quantum_ft_success 
[gw1] [ 53%] FAILED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_quantum_ft_success 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_quantum_ft_work_samples 
[gw1] [ 53%] FAILED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_quantum_ft_work_samples 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_quantum_ft_jarzynski 
[gw1] [ 53%] FAILED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_quantum_ft_jarzynski 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_quantum_ft_second_law 
[gw1] [ 53%] FAILED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_quantum_ft_second_law 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_quantum_ft_free_energy 
[gw1] [ 53%] FAILED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_quantum_ft_free_energy 
[gw7] [ 53%] FAILED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_gksl 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_transport 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_gksl_success 
[gw1] [ 53%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_gksl_success 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_thermodynamics_internal_energy 
[gw1] [ 53%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_thermodynamics_internal_energy 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_thermodynamics_entropy 
[gw1] [ 53%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_thermodynamics_entropy 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_thermodynamics_efficiency 
[gw1] [ 53%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_thermodynamics_efficiency 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_integration_quantum_driven_system 
[gw7] [ 53%] FAILED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_transport 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_thermodynamics 
[gw1] [ 54%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_integration_quantum_driven_system 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_integration_quantum_transport_coefficients 
[gw1] [ 54%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_integration_quantum_transport_coefficients 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_integration_quantum_information_thermodynamics 
[gw1] [ 54%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_integration_quantum_information_thermodynamics 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_integration_methods_return_dict 
[gw1] [ 54%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_integration_methods_return_dict 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_integration_quantum_driven_has_evolution 
[gw1] [ 54%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_integration_quantum_driven_has_evolution 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_invalid_input_returns_failure 
[gw1] [ 54%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_invalid_input_returns_failure 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_missing_data_returns_failure 
[gw1] [ 54%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_missing_data_returns_failure 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_lindblad_zero_time_safe 
[gw1] [ 54%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_lindblad_zero_time_safe 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_quantum_ft_zero_realizations 
[gw1] [ 54%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_quantum_ft_zero_realizations 
[gw7] [ 54%] FAILED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_thermodynamics 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_resource_scaling_large_steps 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_transport_zero_bias 
[gw1] [ 55%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_transport_zero_bias 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_physics_lindblad_dissipation 
[gw1] [ 55%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_physics_lindblad_dissipation 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_physics_quantum_coherence_decay 
[gw1] [ 55%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_physics_quantum_coherence_decay 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_physics_jarzynski_equality_holds 
[gw7] [ 55%] FAILED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_resource_scaling_large_steps 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_has_duration 
[gw1] [ 55%] FAILED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_physics_jarzynski_equality_holds 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_physics_quantum_steady_state_thermal 
[gw1] [ 55%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_physics_quantum_steady_state_thermal 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_physics_landauer_formula 
[gw1] [ 55%] FAILED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_physics_landauer_formula 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_physics_unitary_evolution_preserves_energy 
[gw7] [ 55%] FAILED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_has_duration 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_no_gpu 
[gw7] [ 55%] FAILED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_no_gpu 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_all_methods 
[gw1] [ 55%] FAILED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_physics_unitary_evolution_preserves_energy 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_physics_entropy_positivity 
[gw1] [ 56%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_physics_entropy_positivity 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_physics_purity_bounds 
[gw1] [ 56%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_physics_purity_bounds 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_physics_conductance_quantum_limit 
[gw1] [ 56%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_physics_conductance_quantum_limit 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_physics_thermodynamic_consistency 
[gw1] [ 56%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_physics_thermodynamic_consistency 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_agent_initialization 
[gw1] [ 56%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_agent_initialization 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_agent_metadata 
[gw1] [ 56%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_agent_metadata 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_agent_capabilities 
[gw1] [ 56%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_agent_capabilities 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_agent_constants 
[gw1] [ 56%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_agent_constants 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_agent_config_initialization 
[gw1] [ 56%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_agent_config_initialization 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_validate_minimal_dissipation_valid 
[gw1] [ 56%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_validate_minimal_dissipation_valid 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_validate_missing_method 
[gw1] [ 57%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_validate_missing_method 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_validate_invalid_method 
[gw1] [ 57%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_validate_invalid_method 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_validate_missing_data 
[gw1] [ 57%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_validate_missing_data 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_validate_missing_parameters_warning 
[gw1] [ 57%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_validate_missing_parameters_warning 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_validate_negative_duration 
[gw1] [ 57%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_validate_negative_duration 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_validate_negative_temperature 
[gw1] [ 57%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_validate_negative_temperature 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_validate_stochastic_control_valid 
[gw1] [ 57%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_validate_stochastic_control_valid 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_validate_speed_limit_valid 
[gw1] [ 57%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_validate_speed_limit_valid 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_validate_rl_valid 
[gw1] [ 57%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_validate_rl_valid 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_minimal_dissipation 
[gw7] [ 57%] FAILED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_all_methods 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_gksl_steady_state 
[gw7] [ 58%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_gksl_steady_state 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_gksl_trace_preserved 
[gw7] [ 58%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_gksl_trace_preserved 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_gksl_relaxation_time 
[gw1] [ 58%] FAILED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_minimal_dissipation 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_shortcut 
[gw7] [ 58%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_gksl_relaxation_time 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_gksl_populations 
[gw7] [ 58%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_gksl_populations 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_transport_success 
[gw7] [ 58%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_transport_success 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_transport_conductance_positive 
[gw7] [ 58%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_transport_conductance_positive 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_transport_current_sign 
[gw7] [ 58%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_transport_current_sign 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_transport_quantum_conductance 
[gw7] [ 58%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_transport_quantum_conductance 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_transport_seebeck 
[gw7] [ 58%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_transport_seebeck 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_thermodynamics_success 
[gw7] [ 59%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_thermodynamics_success 
tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_thermodynamics_first_law 
[gw1] [ 59%] FAILED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_shortcut 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_stochastic_control 
[gw7] [ 59%] PASSED tests/test_nonequilibrium_quantum_agent.py::test_execute_thermodynamics_first_law 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_minimal_dissipation_physics 
[gw7] [ 59%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_minimal_dissipation_physics 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_minimal_dissipation_efficiency 
[gw7] [ 59%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_minimal_dissipation_efficiency 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_minimal_dissipation_provenance 
[gw7] [ 59%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_minimal_dissipation_provenance 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_shortcut_success 
[gw7] [ 59%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_shortcut_success 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_shortcut_field_protocol 
[gw7] [ 59%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_shortcut_field_protocol 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_shortcut_fidelity 
[gw1] [ 59%] FAILED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_stochastic_control 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_speed_limit 
[gw7] [ 59%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_shortcut_fidelity 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_shortcut_energy_cost 
[gw7] [ 60%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_shortcut_energy_cost 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_shortcut_speedup 
[gw7] [ 60%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_shortcut_speedup 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_stochastic_control_success 
[gw7] [ 60%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_stochastic_control_success 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_stochastic_control_trajectory 
[gw7] [ 60%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_stochastic_control_trajectory 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_stochastic_control_cost 
[gw7] [ 60%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_stochastic_control_cost 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_stochastic_control_arrays 
[gw7] [ 60%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_stochastic_control_arrays 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_stochastic_control_initial_condition 
[gw7] [ 60%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_stochastic_control_initial_condition 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_speed_limit_success 
[gw7] [ 60%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_speed_limit_success 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_speed_limit_bounds_positive 
[gw7] [ 60%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_speed_limit_bounds_positive 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_speed_limit_minimum 
[gw7] [ 60%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_speed_limit_minimum 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_speed_limit_efficiency 
[gw7] [ 61%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_speed_limit_efficiency 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_speed_limit_satisfies_bounds 
[gw7] [ 61%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_speed_limit_satisfies_bounds 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_rl_success 
[gw1] [ 61%] FAILED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_speed_limit 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_rl 
[gw7] [ 61%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_rl_success 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_rl_policy_shape 
[gw7] [ 61%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_rl_policy_shape 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_rl_convergence 
[gw7] [ 61%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_rl_convergence 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_rl_trajectory_reaches_goal 
[gw7] [ 61%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_rl_trajectory_reaches_goal 
[gw1] [ 61%] FAILED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_rl 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_resource_scaling_large_steps 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_rl_convergence_score 
[gw7] [ 61%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_rl_convergence_score 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_integration_optimize_driven_protocol 
[gw7] [ 61%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_integration_optimize_driven_protocol 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_integration_design_minimal_work 
[gw7] [ 61%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_integration_design_minimal_work 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_integration_feedback_control 
[gw7] [ 62%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_integration_feedback_control 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_integration_optimize_driven_returns_dict 
[gw7] [ 62%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_integration_optimize_driven_returns_dict 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_integration_feedback_uses_information 
[gw7] [ 62%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_integration_feedback_uses_information 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_invalid_input_returns_failure 
[gw7] [ 62%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_invalid_input_returns_failure 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_missing_data_returns_failure 
[gw7] [ 62%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_missing_data_returns_failure 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_minimal_dissipation_zero_duration_safe 
[gw7] [ 62%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_minimal_dissipation_zero_duration_safe 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_speed_limit_zero_dissipation 
[gw7] [ 62%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_speed_limit_zero_dissipation 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_rl_zero_episodes_safe 
[gw7] [ 62%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_rl_zero_episodes_safe 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_physics_dissipation_increases_with_speed 
[gw7] [ 62%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_physics_dissipation_increases_with_speed 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_physics_cd_energy_scales_with_speed 
[gw7] [ 62%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_physics_cd_energy_scales_with_speed 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_physics_tur_bound_satisfied 
[gw1] [ 63%] FAILED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_resource_scaling_large_steps 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_has_duration 
[gw7] [ 63%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_physics_tur_bound_satisfied 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_physics_control_cost_tradeoff 
[gw1] [ 63%] FAILED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_has_duration 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_no_gpu 
[gw7] [ 63%] FAILED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_physics_control_cost_tradeoff 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_physics_rl_discount_factor_effect 
[gw1] [ 63%] FAILED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_no_gpu 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_default_method 
[gw7] [ 63%] FAILED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_physics_rl_discount_factor_effect 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_provenance_includes_execution_time 
[gw7] [ 63%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_provenance_includes_execution_time 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_provenance_includes_input_hash 
[gw7] [ 63%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_provenance_includes_input_hash 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_metadata_includes_method 
[gw7] [ 63%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_metadata_includes_method 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_metadata_includes_analysis_type 
[gw7] [ 63%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_metadata_includes_analysis_type 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_validate_phase_field_input_valid 
[gw7] [ 64%] PASSED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_validate_phase_field_input_valid 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_validate_missing_method 
[gw7] [ 64%] PASSED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_validate_missing_method 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_validate_invalid_method 
[gw1] [ 64%] FAILED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_default_method 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_all_methods 
[gw7] [ 64%] PASSED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_validate_invalid_method 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_validate_missing_data 
[gw7] [ 64%] PASSED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_validate_missing_data 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_validate_missing_parameters 
[gw7] [ 64%] PASSED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_validate_missing_parameters 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_validate_invalid_diffusion_coefficients 
[gw7] [ 64%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_validate_invalid_diffusion_coefficients 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_validate_invalid_temperature 
[gw7] [ 64%] PASSED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_validate_invalid_temperature 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_validate_edge_case_parameters 
[gw7] [ 64%] PASSED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_validate_edge_case_parameters 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_turing_local 
[gw7] [ 64%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_turing_local 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_rayleigh_benard_local 
[gw7] [ 65%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_rayleigh_benard_local 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_phase_field_hpc 
[gw1] [ 65%] FAILED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_all_methods 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_minimal_dissipation_success 
[gw1] [ 65%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_minimal_dissipation_success 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_minimal_dissipation_protocol_shape 
[gw1] [ 65%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_execute_minimal_dissipation_protocol_shape 
tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_different_inputs_different_hashes 
[gw1] [ 65%] PASSED tests/test_optimal_control_agent.py::test_different_inputs_different_hashes 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_agent_initialization 
[gw1] [ 65%] PASSED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_agent_initialization 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_agent_metadata 
[gw7] [ 65%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_phase_field_hpc 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_self_organization 
[gw1] [ 65%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_agent_metadata 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_agent_capabilities 
[gw7] [ 65%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_self_organization 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_spatiotemporal_chaos 
[gw1] [ 65%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_agent_capabilities 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_supported_methods 
[gw1] [ 66%] PASSED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_supported_methods 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_agent_description 
[gw1] [ 66%] PASSED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_agent_description 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_validate_turing_input_valid 
[gw1] [ 66%] PASSED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_validate_turing_input_valid 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_validate_rayleigh_benard_input_valid 
[gw7] [ 66%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_spatiotemporal_chaos 
[gw1] [ 66%] PASSED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_validate_rayleigh_benard_input_valid 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_turing_patterns_provenance 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_large_dataset 
[gw7] [ 66%] PASSED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_large_dataset 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_gpu_preference 
[gw1] [ 66%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_turing_patterns_provenance 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_turing_patterns_metadata 
[gw7] [ 66%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_gpu_preference 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_multiple_analyses 
[gw1] [ 66%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_turing_patterns_metadata 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_rayleigh_benard_basic 
[gw7] [ 66%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_multiple_analyses 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_time_series 
[gw7] [ 67%] PASSED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_time_series 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_returns_requirements 
[gw1] [ 67%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_rayleigh_benard_basic 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_rayleigh_benard_bifurcation 
[gw7] [ 67%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_resource_estimation_returns_requirements 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_turing_patterns_basic 
[gw1] [ 67%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_rayleigh_benard_bifurcation 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_rayleigh_benard_critical_ra 
[gw7] [ 67%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_turing_patterns_basic 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_turing_patterns_stability 
[gw1] [ 67%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_rayleigh_benard_critical_ra 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_phase_field_basic 
[gw1] [ 67%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_phase_field_basic 
[gw7] [ 67%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_turing_patterns_stability 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_turing_patterns_wavelength 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_phase_field_growth_kinetics 
[gw7] [ 67%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_turing_patterns_wavelength 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_phase_field_coarsening 
[gw1] [ 67%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_phase_field_growth_kinetics 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_integration_detect_patterns_in_active_matter 
[gw7] [ 68%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_phase_field_coarsening 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_self_organization_basic 
[gw1] [ 68%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_integration_detect_patterns_in_active_matter 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_integration_analyze_driven_system_patterns 
[gw7] [ 68%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_self_organization_basic 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_self_organization_symmetry_breaking 
[gw1] [ 68%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_integration_analyze_driven_system_patterns 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_integration_with_transport_agent 
[gw1] [ 68%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_integration_with_transport_agent 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_caching_identical_inputs 
[gw7] [ 68%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_self_organization_symmetry_breaking 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_self_organization_order_parameter 
[gw7] [ 68%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_self_organization_order_parameter 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_spatiotemporal_chaos_basic 
[gw7] [ 68%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_spatiotemporal_chaos_basic 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_spatiotemporal_chaos_lyapunov 
[gw1] [ 68%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_caching_identical_inputs 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_error_handling_invalid_input 
[gw1] [ 68%] PASSED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_error_handling_invalid_input 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_ld_fluctuation_rare_work_events 
[gw7] [ 69%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_spatiotemporal_chaos_lyapunov 
tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_spatiotemporal_chaos_defects 
[gw7] [ 69%] FAILED tests/test_pattern_formation_agent.py::test_execute_spatiotemporal_chaos_defects 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_ld_fluctuation_tps_committor 
[gw7] [ 69%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_ld_fluctuation_tps_committor 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_ld_fluctuation_dynamical_phase_transition 
[gw7] [ 69%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_ld_fluctuation_dynamical_phase_transition 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_ld_fluctuation_s_ensemble 
[gw7] [ 69%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_ld_fluctuation_s_ensemble 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_oc_driven_minimal_dissipation 
[gw7] [ 69%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_oc_driven_minimal_dissipation 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_oc_driven_shear_rate_optimization 
[gw7] [ 69%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_oc_driven_shear_rate_optimization 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_oc_driven_shortcut_to_adiabaticity 
[gw7] [ 69%] FAILED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_oc_driven_shortcut_to_adiabaticity 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_oc_driven_feedback_control 
[gw7] [ 69%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_oc_driven_feedback_control 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_oc_driven_thermodynamic_speed_limits 
[gw7] [ 69%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_oc_driven_thermodynamic_speed_limits 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_oc_driven_reinforcement_learning 
[gw7] [ 69%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_oc_driven_reinforcement_learning 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_oc_driven_integration_method 
[gw7] [ 70%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_oc_driven_integration_method 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_oc_driven_minimal_work_design 
[gw7] [ 70%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_oc_driven_minimal_work_design 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_oc_driven_geodesic_protocol 
[gw7] [ 70%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_oc_driven_geodesic_protocol 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_oc_driven_efficiency_optimization 
[gw7] [ 70%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_oc_driven_efficiency_optimization 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_quantum_transport_landauer 
[gw7] [ 70%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_quantum_transport_landauer 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_quantum_transport_coefficients 
[gw7] [ 70%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_quantum_transport_coefficients 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_quantum_transport_seebeck 
[gw7] [ 70%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_quantum_transport_seebeck 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_quantum_transport_low_temperature 
[gw7] [ 70%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_quantum_transport_low_temperature 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_quantum_transport_bias_dependence 
[gw7] [ 70%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_quantum_transport_bias_dependence 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_quantum_lindblad_transport 
[gw7] [ 70%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_quantum_lindblad_transport 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_quantum_driven_system 
[gw7] [ 71%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_quantum_driven_system 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_quantum_thermodynamics_transport 
[gw7] [ 71%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_quantum_thermodynamics_transport 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_quantum_fluctuation_transport 
[gw7] [ 71%] FAILED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_quantum_fluctuation_transport 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_quantum_information_thermodynamics 
[gw7] [ 71%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_quantum_information_thermodynamics 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_phase3_agents_compatibility 
[gw1] [ 71%] FAILED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_ld_fluctuation_rare_work_events 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_ld_fluctuation_tail_validation 
[gw7] [ 71%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_phase3_agents_compatibility 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_phase3_workflow_ld_to_oc 
[gw1] [ 71%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_ld_fluctuation_tail_validation 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_ld_fluctuation_integration_method 
[gw1] [ 71%] FAILED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_ld_fluctuation_integration_method 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_ld_fluctuation_scgf_computation 
[gw7] [ 71%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_phase3_workflow_ld_to_oc 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_phase3_workflow_oc_to_quantum 
[gw7] [ 71%] PASSED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_phase3_workflow_oc_to_quantum 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_agent_initialization 
[gw7] [ 72%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_agent_initialization 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_get_metadata 
[gw7] [ 72%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_get_metadata 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_get_capabilities 
[gw7] [ 72%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_get_capabilities 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_validate_input_success_langevin 
[gw7] [ 72%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_validate_input_success_langevin 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_validate_input_success_master_equation 
[gw7] [ 72%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_validate_input_success_master_equation 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_validate_input_missing_method 
[gw7] [ 72%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_validate_input_missing_method 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_validate_input_invalid_method 
[gw7] [ 72%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_validate_input_invalid_method 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_validate_input_langevin_missing_potential 
[gw7] [ 72%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_validate_input_langevin_missing_potential 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_validate_input_master_equation_missing_rates 
[gw7] [ 72%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_validate_input_master_equation_missing_rates 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_validate_input_negative_friction 
[gw7] [ 72%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_validate_input_negative_friction 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_validate_input_warnings 
[gw7] [ 73%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_validate_input_warnings 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_small_langevin 
[gw7] [ 73%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_small_langevin 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_medium_langevin 
[gw7] [ 73%] FAILED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_medium_langevin 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_large_langevin 
[gw7] [ 73%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_large_langevin 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_master_equation 
[gw7] [ 73%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_master_equation 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_first_passage 
[gw7] [ 73%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_first_passage 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_kramers 
[gw7] [ 73%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_kramers 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_fokker_planck 
[gw7] [ 73%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_fokker_planck 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_execute_langevin_success 
[gw1] [ 73%] FAILED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_ld_fluctuation_scgf_computation 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_ld_fluctuation_importance_sampling 
[gw1] [ 73%] FAILED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_ld_fluctuation_importance_sampling 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_ld_fluctuation_driven_rare_events 
[gw1] [ 74%] FAILED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_ld_fluctuation_driven_rare_events 
tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_ld_fluctuation_transition_rates 
[gw1] [ 74%] FAILED tests/test_phase3_integration.py::test_ld_fluctuation_transition_rates 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_execute_langevin_underdamped 
[gw4] [ 74%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestLocalScheduler::test_local_job_status 
tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestLocalScheduler::test_local_job_cancellation 
[gw4] [ 74%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestLocalScheduler::test_local_job_cancellation 
tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestLocalScheduler::test_local_queue_info 
[gw4] [ 74%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestLocalScheduler::test_local_queue_info 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_validate_input_negative_shear_rate 
[gw4] [ 74%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_validate_input_negative_shear_rate 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_validate_input_high_shear_rate_warning 
[gw4] [ 74%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_validate_input_high_shear_rate_warning 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_validate_input_negative_temperature 
[gw4] [ 74%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_validate_input_negative_temperature 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_small_system 
[gw4] [ 74%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_small_system 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_medium_system 
[gw4] [ 74%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_medium_system 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_large_system 
[gw4] [ 75%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_large_system 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_long_simulation 
[gw4] [ 75%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_long_simulation 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_electric_field 
[gw4] [ 75%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_electric_field 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_temperature_gradient 
[gw4] [ 75%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_temperature_gradient 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_steady_state 
[gw4] [ 75%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_steady_state 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_execute_shear_flow_success 
[gw4] [ 75%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_execute_shear_flow_success 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_execute_electric_field_success 
[gw4] [ 75%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_execute_electric_field_success 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_execute_temperature_gradient_success 
[gw4] [ 75%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_execute_temperature_gradient_success 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_execute_pressure_gradient_success 
[gw4] [ 75%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_execute_pressure_gradient_success 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_execute_steady_state_analysis_success 
[gw4] [ 75%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_execute_steady_state_analysis_success 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_execute_shear_flow_high_rate 
[gw4] [ 76%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_execute_shear_flow_high_rate 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_execute_invalid_method 
[gw4] [ 76%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_execute_invalid_method 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_submit_calculation_returns_job_id 
[gw4] [ 76%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_submit_calculation_returns_job_id 
tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_check_status_after_submission 
[gw4] [ 76%] PASSED tests/test_driven_systems_agent.py::test_check_status_after_submission 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_check_status_invalid_job_id 
[gw4] [ 76%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_check_status_invalid_job_id 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_retrieve_results_after_completion 
[gw4] [ 76%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_retrieve_results_after_completion 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_retrieve_results_invalid_job_id 
[gw4] [ 76%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_retrieve_results_invalid_job_id 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_compute_autocorrelation 
[gw4] [ 76%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_compute_autocorrelation 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_compute_msd 
[gw4] [ 76%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_compute_msd 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_determine_kramers_regime_low 
[gw4] [ 76%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_determine_kramers_regime_low 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_determine_kramers_regime_high 
[gw4] [ 76%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_determine_kramers_regime_high 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_determine_kramers_regime_intermediate 
[gw4] [ 77%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_determine_kramers_regime_intermediate 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_langevin_double_well_potential 
[gw4] [ 77%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_langevin_double_well_potential 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_validate_fluctuation_dissipation_satisfied 
[gw4] [ 77%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_validate_fluctuation_dissipation_satisfied 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_validate_fluctuation_dissipation_violated 
[gw4] [ 77%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_validate_fluctuation_dissipation_violated 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_cross_validate_escape_rate_good 
[gw4] [ 77%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_cross_validate_escape_rate_good 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_cross_validate_escape_rate_poor 
[gw4] [ 77%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_cross_validate_escape_rate_poor 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_langevin_einstein_relation 
[gw7] [ 77%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_execute_langevin_success 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_execute_master_equation_success 
[gw7] [ 77%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_execute_master_equation_success 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_execute_first_passage_success 
[gw1] [ 77%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_execute_langevin_underdamped 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_execute_invalid_method 
[gw1] [ 77%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_execute_invalid_method 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_submit_calculation_returns_job_id 
[gw1] [ 78%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_submit_calculation_returns_job_id 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_check_status_after_submission 
[gw1] [ 78%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_check_status_after_submission 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_provenance_tracking 
[gw7] [ 78%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_execute_first_passage_success 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_execute_kramers_success 
[gw7] [ 78%] FAILED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_execute_kramers_success 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_execute_fokker_planck_success 
[gw7] [ 78%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_execute_fokker_planck_success 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_kramers_arrhenius_behavior 
[gw7] [ 78%] FAILED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_kramers_arrhenius_behavior 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_fokker_planck_probability_conservation 
[gw7] [ 78%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_fokker_planck_probability_conservation 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_workflow_langevin_to_first_passage 
[gw7] [ 78%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_workflow_langevin_to_first_passage 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_workflow_kramers_to_simulation 
[gw7] [ 78%] FAILED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_workflow_kramers_to_simulation 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_workflow_all_stochastic_methods 
[gw7] [ 78%] FAILED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_workflow_all_stochastic_methods 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_agent_initialization 
[gw7] [ 79%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_agent_initialization 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_get_metadata 
[gw7] [ 79%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_get_metadata 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_get_capabilities 
[gw7] [ 79%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_get_capabilities 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_validate_input_success_thermal 
[gw7] [ 79%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_validate_input_success_thermal 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_validate_input_success_diffusion 
[gw7] [ 79%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_validate_input_success_diffusion 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_validate_input_missing_method 
[gw7] [ 79%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_validate_input_missing_method 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_validate_input_invalid_method 
[gw7] [ 79%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_validate_input_invalid_method 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_validate_input_missing_trajectory 
[gw7] [ 79%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_validate_input_missing_trajectory 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_validate_input_negative_temperature 
[gw7] [ 79%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_validate_input_negative_temperature 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_validate_input_warnings_mode 
[gw7] [ 79%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_validate_input_warnings_mode 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_validate_input_warnings_missing_params 
[gw7] [ 80%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_validate_input_warnings_missing_params 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_equilibrium_short 
[gw7] [ 80%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_equilibrium_short 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_nemd_short 
[gw7] [ 80%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_nemd_short 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_nemd_long 
[gw7] [ 80%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_nemd_long 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_mass_diffusion 
[gw7] [ 80%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_mass_diffusion 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_electrical 
[gw7] [ 80%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_electrical 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_thermoelectric 
[gw7] [ 80%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_thermoelectric 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_cross_coupling 
[gw7] [ 80%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_estimate_resources_cross_coupling 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_execute_thermal_conductivity_success 
[gw7] [ 80%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_execute_thermal_conductivity_success 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_execute_mass_diffusion_success 
[gw7] [ 80%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_execute_mass_diffusion_success 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_execute_electrical_conductivity_success 
[gw7] [ 81%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_execute_electrical_conductivity_success 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_execute_thermoelectric_success 
[gw7] [ 81%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_execute_thermoelectric_success 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_execute_cross_coupling_success 
[gw7] [ 81%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_execute_cross_coupling_success 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_execute_thermal_nemd_success 
[gw7] [ 81%] FAILED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_execute_thermal_nemd_success 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_execute_invalid_method 
[gw7] [ 81%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_execute_invalid_method 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_submit_calculation_returns_job_id 
[gw7] [ 81%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_submit_calculation_returns_job_id 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_check_status_after_submission 
[gw7] [ 81%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_check_status_after_submission 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_check_status_invalid_job_id 
[gw7] [ 81%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_check_status_invalid_job_id 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_retrieve_results_after_completion 
[gw7] [ 81%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_retrieve_results_after_completion 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_retrieve_results_invalid_job_id 
[gw7] [ 81%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_retrieve_results_invalid_job_id 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_validate_with_experiment_good_agreement 
[gw7] [ 82%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_validate_with_experiment_good_agreement 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_validate_with_experiment_poor_agreement 
[gw7] [ 82%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_validate_with_experiment_poor_agreement 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_check_onsager_reciprocity_satisfied 
[gw7] [ 82%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_check_onsager_reciprocity_satisfied 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_check_onsager_reciprocity_violated 
[gw7] [ 82%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_check_onsager_reciprocity_violated 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_cross_validate_methods 
[gw7] [ 82%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_cross_validate_methods 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_integration_validate_transport_coefficients 
[gw7] [ 82%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_integration_validate_transport_coefficients 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_caching_identical_inputs 
[gw7] [ 82%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_caching_identical_inputs 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_caching_different_inputs 
[gw7] [ 82%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_caching_different_inputs 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_provenance_tracking 
[gw7] [ 82%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_provenance_tracking 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_provenance_input_hash 
[gw7] [ 82%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_provenance_input_hash 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_thermal_conductivity_positive 
[gw7] [ 83%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_thermal_conductivity_positive 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_diffusion_coefficient_positive 
[gw7] [ 83%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_diffusion_coefficient_positive 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_electrical_conductivity_positive 
[gw7] [ 83%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_electrical_conductivity_positive 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_onsager_reciprocity_physics 
[gw7] [ 83%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_onsager_reciprocity_physics 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_workflow_thermal_to_thermoelectric 
[gw7] [ 83%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_workflow_thermal_to_thermoelectric 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_workflow_diffusion_to_electrical 
[gw7] [ 83%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_workflow_diffusion_to_electrical 
tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_workflow_all_transport_properties 
[gw7] [ 83%] PASSED tests/test_transport_agent.py::test_workflow_all_transport_properties 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestResourceRequirementsValidation::test_default_resources 
[gw7] [ 83%] PASSED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestResourceRequirementsValidation::test_default_resources 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestResourceRequirementsValidation::test_custom_resources 
[gw7] [ 83%] PASSED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestResourceRequirementsValidation::test_custom_resources 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestParameterSpecValidation::test_continuous_parameter 
[gw7] [ 83%] PASSED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestParameterSpecValidation::test_continuous_parameter 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestParameterSpecValidation::test_integer_parameter 
[gw7] [ 84%] PASSED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestParameterSpecValidation::test_integer_parameter 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestParameterSpecValidation::test_categorical_parameter 
[gw7] [ 84%] PASSED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestParameterSpecValidation::test_categorical_parameter 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestParameterSpecValidation::test_continuous_equal_bounds 
[gw7] [ 84%] PASSED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestParameterSpecValidation::test_continuous_equal_bounds 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestGridSearchFunctionality::test_grid_search_1d 
[gw7] [ 84%] FAILED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestGridSearchFunctionality::test_grid_search_1d 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestGridSearchFunctionality::test_grid_search_2d 
[gw7] [ 84%] FAILED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestGridSearchFunctionality::test_grid_search_2d 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestGridSearchFunctionality::test_grid_search_single_point 
[gw7] [ 84%] FAILED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestGridSearchFunctionality::test_grid_search_single_point 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestRandomSearchFunctionality::test_random_search_basic 
[gw7] [ 84%] FAILED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestRandomSearchFunctionality::test_random_search_basic 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestRandomSearchFunctionality::test_random_search_reproducibility 
[gw7] [ 84%] FAILED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestRandomSearchFunctionality::test_random_search_reproducibility 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestRandomSearchFunctionality::test_random_search_integer_params 
[gw7] [ 84%] FAILED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestRandomSearchFunctionality::test_random_search_integer_params 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestAdaptiveSweepFunctionality::test_adaptive_sweep_initialization 
[gw7] [ 84%] FAILED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestAdaptiveSweepFunctionality::test_adaptive_sweep_initialization 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestAdaptiveSweepFunctionality::test_adaptive_sweep_exploration_phase 
[gw7] [ 84%] FAILED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestAdaptiveSweepFunctionality::test_adaptive_sweep_exploration_phase 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestAdaptiveSweepFunctionality::test_adaptive_sweep_exploitation_phase 
[gw7] [ 85%] FAILED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestAdaptiveSweepFunctionality::test_adaptive_sweep_exploitation_phase 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestMultiObjectiveSweepFunctionality::test_multi_objective_initialization 
[gw7] [ 85%] PASSED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestMultiObjectiveSweepFunctionality::test_multi_objective_initialization 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestMultiObjectiveSweepFunctionality::test_pareto_frontier_simple 
[gw7] [ 85%] PASSED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestMultiObjectiveSweepFunctionality::test_pareto_frontier_simple 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestMultiObjectiveSweepFunctionality::test_pareto_frontier_dominated_points 
[gw7] [ 85%] PASSED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestMultiObjectiveSweepFunctionality::test_pareto_frontier_dominated_points 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestSensitivityAnalysisFunctionality::test_sensitivity_analysis_basic 
[gw7] [ 85%] PASSED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestSensitivityAnalysisFunctionality::test_sensitivity_analysis_basic 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestSensitivityAnalysisFunctionality::test_sensitivity_analysis_constant_function 
[gw7] [ 85%] PASSED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestSensitivityAnalysisFunctionality::test_sensitivity_analysis_constant_function 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestPerformanceProfilerFunctionality::test_timer_basic 
[gw7] [ 85%] FAILED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestPerformanceProfilerFunctionality::test_timer_basic 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestPerformanceProfilerFunctionality::test_benchmarker_basic 
[gw7] [ 85%] FAILED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestPerformanceProfilerFunctionality::test_benchmarker_basic 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestPerformanceProfilerFunctionality::test_function_profiler 
[gw7] [ 85%] PASSED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestPerformanceProfilerFunctionality::test_function_profiler 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestLocalSchedulerFunctionality::test_local_scheduler_basic 
[gw4] [ 85%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_langevin_einstein_relation 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_caching_identical_inputs 
[gw3] [ 86%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestLocalSchedulerEdgeCases::test_cancel_already_completed_job 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestLocalSchedulerEdgeCases::test_wait_with_zero_timeout 
[gw5] [ 86%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestLocalScheduler::test_local_job_dependencies 
tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestJobManager::test_job_manager_init 
[gw5] [ 86%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestJobManager::test_job_manager_init 
tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestJobManager::test_job_manager_submit 
[gw5] [ 86%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestJobManager::test_job_manager_submit 
tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestJobManager::test_job_manager_queue 
[gw5] [ 86%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestJobManager::test_job_manager_queue 
tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestJobManager::test_job_manager_cancel 
[gw5] [ 86%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestJobManager::test_job_manager_cancel 
tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestJobManager::test_job_manager_wait_all 
[gw5] [ 86%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestJobManager::test_job_manager_wait_all 
tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestJobManager::test_job_manager_get_info 
[gw5] [ 86%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestJobManager::test_job_manager_get_info 
tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestIntegration::test_complete_workflow 
[gw5] [ 86%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestIntegration::test_complete_workflow 
tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestSLURMMock::test_slurm_availability_check 
[gw5] [ 86%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestSLURMMock::test_slurm_availability_check 
tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestSLURMMock::test_slurm_resource_string_generation 
[gw5] [ 87%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestSLURMMock::test_slurm_resource_string_generation 
tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestPBSMock::test_pbs_availability_check 
[gw5] [ 87%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestPBSMock::test_pbs_availability_check 
tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestPBSMock::test_pbs_resource_string_generation 
[gw5] [ 87%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_schedulers.py::TestPBSMock::test_pbs_resource_string_generation 
tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestConstrainedOptimizationConfig::test_default_config 
[gw5] [ 87%] PASSED tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestConstrainedOptimizationConfig::test_default_config 
tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestConstrainedOptimizationConfig::test_custom_config 
[gw5] [ 87%] PASSED tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestConstrainedOptimizationConfig::test_custom_config 
tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestGlobalOptimizationConfig::test_default_config 
[gw5] [ 87%] PASSED tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestGlobalOptimizationConfig::test_default_config 
tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestGlobalOptimizationConfig::test_custom_config 
[gw5] [ 87%] PASSED tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestGlobalOptimizationConfig::test_custom_config 
tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestSequentialQuadraticProgramming::test_unconstrained_optimization 
[gw5] [ 87%] PASSED tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestSequentialQuadraticProgramming::test_unconstrained_optimization 
tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestSequentialQuadraticProgramming::test_equality_constrained 
[gw5] [ 87%] PASSED tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestSequentialQuadraticProgramming::test_equality_constrained 
tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestSequentialQuadraticProgramming::test_inequality_constrained 
[gw5] [ 87%] FAILED tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestSequentialQuadraticProgramming::test_inequality_constrained 
tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestAugmentedLagrangian::test_equality_constraint 
[gw5] [ 88%] PASSED tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestAugmentedLagrangian::test_equality_constraint 
tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestAugmentedLagrangian::test_inequality_constraint 
[gw5] [ 88%] PASSED tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestAugmentedLagrangian::test_inequality_constraint 
tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestGeneticAlgorithm::test_simple_function 
[gw5] [ 88%] PASSED tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestGeneticAlgorithm::test_simple_function 
tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestGeneticAlgorithm::test_multimodal_function 
[gw5] [ 88%] PASSED tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestGeneticAlgorithm::test_multimodal_function 
tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestSimulatedAnnealing::test_simple_optimization 
[gw5] [ 88%] PASSED tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestSimulatedAnnealing::test_simple_optimization 
tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestSimulatedAnnealing::test_escapes_local_minimum 
[gw5] [ 88%] PASSED tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestSimulatedAnnealing::test_escapes_local_minimum 
tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestCMAES::test_quadratic_function 
[gw5] [ 88%] FAILED tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestCMAES::test_quadratic_function 
tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestCMAES::test_rosenbrock_function 
[gw5] [ 88%] PASSED tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestCMAES::test_rosenbrock_function 
tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestMixedIntegerOptimization::test_pure_integer_problem 
[gw5] [ 88%] PASSED tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestMixedIntegerOptimization::test_pure_integer_problem 
tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestMixedIntegerOptimization::test_mixed_integer_problem 
[gw5] [ 88%] PASSED tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestMixedIntegerOptimization::test_mixed_integer_problem 
tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestIntegration::test_constrained_vs_unconstrained 
[gw5] [ 89%] PASSED tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestIntegration::test_constrained_vs_unconstrained 
tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestIntegration::test_global_vs_local 
[gw5] [ 89%] PASSED tests/ml/test_advanced_optimization.py::TestIntegration::test_global_vs_local 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestJobManagerFunctionality::test_job_manager_auto_detect 
[gw5] [ 89%] PASSED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestJobManagerFunctionality::test_job_manager_auto_detect 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestJobManagerFunctionality::test_job_manager_submit_wait 
[gw5] [ 89%] FAILED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestJobManagerFunctionality::test_job_manager_submit_wait 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestJobManagerFunctionality::test_job_manager_wait_all 
[gw5] [ 89%] FAILED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestJobManagerFunctionality::test_job_manager_wait_all 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestResultVisualizationAndExport::test_visualize_results 
[gw5] [ 89%] PASSED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestResultVisualizationAndExport::test_visualize_results 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestResultVisualizationAndExport::test_export_json 
[gw5] [ 89%] PASSED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestResultVisualizationAndExport::test_export_json 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestResultVisualizationAndExport::test_export_csv 
[gw5] [ 89%] PASSED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestResultVisualizationAndExport::test_export_csv 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestParameterizedSweeps::test_random_search_sizes[10] 
[gw5] [ 89%] FAILED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestParameterizedSweeps::test_random_search_sizes[10] 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestParameterizedSweeps::test_random_search_sizes[50] 
[gw5] [ 89%] FAILED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestParameterizedSweeps::test_random_search_sizes[50] 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestParameterizedSweeps::test_random_search_sizes[100] 
[gw5] [ 90%] FAILED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestParameterizedSweeps::test_random_search_sizes[100] 
[gw1] [ 90%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_provenance_tracking 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_provenance_input_hash 
[gw4] [ 90%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_caching_identical_inputs 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_caching_different_inputs 
[gw7] [ 90%] PASSED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestLocalSchedulerFunctionality::test_local_scheduler_basic 
tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestLocalSchedulerFunctionality::test_local_scheduler_job_cancellation 
[gw7] [ 90%] PASSED tests/week35_36/test_edge_cases_simple.py::TestLocalSchedulerFunctionality::test_local_scheduler_job_cancellation 
[gw3] [ 90%] PASSED tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestLocalSchedulerEdgeCases::test_wait_with_zero_timeout 
tests/hpc/test_hpc_edge_cases.py::TestLocalSchedulerEdgeCases::test_circular_job_dependencies 
[gw1] [ 90%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_provenance_input_hash 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_langevin_equilibrium_distribution 
[gw1] [ 90%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_langevin_equilibrium_distribution 
tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_master_equation_stationary_distribution 
[gw1] [ 90%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_master_equation_stationary_distribution 
[gw4] [ 90%] PASSED tests/test_stochastic_dynamics_agent.py::test_caching_different_inputs 
[gw2] [ 91%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_caching_identical_inputs 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_caching_different_inputs 
[gw0] [ 91%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_execute_vicsek_success 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_execute_active_brownian_success 
[gw0] [ 91%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_execute_active_brownian_success 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_execute_run_and_tumble_success 
[gw0] [ 91%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_execute_run_and_tumble_success 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_execute_active_nematics_success 
[gw0] [ 91%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_execute_active_nematics_success 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_execute_swarming_success 
[gw0] [ 91%] PASSED tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_execute_swarming_success 
tests/test_active_matter_agent.py::test_execute_vicsek_ordered_phase 